Men and women moved about in cars, buses and trains from a very early age. There were lifts and escalators in all large buildings to prevent people from walking.
Histories of the time will go something like this: ‘in the twentieth century, people forgot how to use their legs.
When the time comes for anthropologists to turn their attention to the twentieth century, they will surely choose the label ‘Legless Man’.
The past ages of man have all been carefully labeled by anthropologists. Deions like ‘ Palaeolithic Man’, ‘Neolithic Man’, etc., neatly sum up whole periods.
Another route for the fire escape is designed for those who come from Bedroom 4~7 as well as the lift. 
This path starts at the right side of the corridor, stretching forward to another stairs, which can help students arrive at the meeting point.
The layout of the accommodation mainly comprises bedrooms with corridors linking them with stairs and fire exits. 
In terms of the escape route for Bedroom1,2 and 3 which are located in the left part of theaccommodation, it begins at the left side of the corridor, leading to the stairs through which students can gather in the meeting point.
Men continue to make up the majority of students. However, the proportion of female students increased sharply in this period. In 1992 there was one woman to every seven men, but by 2012 this had narrowed to one woman to every two men.
It can be seen that the number of male students fell slightly from 14,000 in 1992 to 12.000 in 2002,and then remained level through the following decade. The number of female students is relatively low, starting at 2,000 in 1992. 
However. while the number of men decreased, the number of women increased. Female students grew steadily by 2,000 each decade. This led to a rise in the total number of engineering students from 16,000 to 18,000 in this period.
The bar chart illustrates the number of men and women studying engineering at Australian universities between the years 1992 and 2012 at 10-year intervals.
In conclusion, since mobile and portable devices are the most popular choices, it is clear that many participants are accessing the internet outside their homes. 
The desktop computer is the least popular of the four main devices. In future, we can probably expect to see more and more people accessing the internet with smartphones as their preferred choice.
From the pie chart it is clear that the majority of participants prefer to use smartphones and laptops,with just three per cent difference between the two. 
Nearly a third of participants prefer to go online with a smartphone. Thirty per cent like to use a laptop.
A desktop computer accounts for fourteen per cent of users'preferred devices. Only a small minority prefer a device other than these main four.
This graph shows the results of a survey in which people aged 16 and over were asked about their preferred devices for accessing the internet. 
The question referred to going online at home and in other places.Participants mentioned four main devices in their answers:a smartphone, a laptop,a tablet and a desktop computer.
In general, there are two potential fire escape routes for students to steer clear of danger.
The one on the right side can permit more students to escape compared with its left counterpart.
Another route for the fire escape is designed for those who come from Bedroom 4~7 as well as the lift. This path starts at the right side of the corridor, stretching forward to another stairs, which can help students arrive at the meeting point 2.
The map gives the basic instruction of fire escape in case of emergency in a student.
The layout of the accommodation mainly comprises bedrooms.with corridors linking them with stairs and fire exits. In terms of the escape route for Bedroom1,2 and 3 which are located in the left part of the accommodation, it begins at the left side of the corridor, leading to the stairs through which students can gather in the meeting point 1.
